RFC: tfm_integration: Add secure I2C partition sample for ST boards (#110427)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: samples/tfm_integration/tfm_secure_peripheral/st/se_over_i2c/README.rst

> .. zephyr:code-sample:: se_over_i2c

Reviewer: The name should be less generic, e.g. `tfm_secure_peripheral_st_se_over_i2c`

Reviewer: Besides, why `se_over_i2c`? Secure Element over I2C? I don't quite understand?

>     :name: TF-M I2C Communication

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :name: TF-M Secure I2C for ST boards
```

>     Enables communication between a TF-M application and an SE device using I2C.

Reviewer: Looking at the generated documentation, I think it would be good to have this sentence contain some STM32-specific terms so it's also clear from its description that it's a vendor-specific sample, kind of like you have for `st/README.rst`.

Reviewer: also, SE device doesn't seem clear
```suggestion
    Enables communication between a non-secure application and a Secure peripheral using I2C.
```

Overview
********

This sample demonstrates how a TF-M secure partition can own an I2C peripheral
and expose it to the Zephyr non-secure application (NSPE) through PSA services.
It requires TF-M to be built in isolation level 1; a higher level would require

> a change in the TF-M core to let the secure user partition access the I2C2 controller
> SoC registers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a change in the TF-M core to let the secure user partition access the I2C controller registers.
```
